aTox privacy policy

1. aTox uses libtoxcore (https://github.com/TokTok/c-toxcore) to provide
instant messaging and audio/video conference functionality.

2.1 aTox stores your Tox profile only on your device, it's not stored on any
server.

2.2 If someone gains access to the Tox profile stored on your device, they can
claim your identity on Tox. If you have created a password for your Tox
profile, the Tox profile is stored encrypted with your password, which
mitigates the issue of someone stealing the Tox profile file, assuming the
attacker can't easily guess the password.

2.3 As a consequence of storing the profile only on the device, you can't
restore your Tox profile if you lose it.

3. aTox stores the message and audio/video call logs only on your device, they
are not stored on any other server.

4. All the data sent over the network, including messages and audio/video
calls, are sent encrypted in such a way that only the intended recepient can
decrypt them.

5.1 All the data sent over the network, including messages and audio/video
calls, are sent directly to the intended recepient without use of any central
server, with a few exceptions as follows.

5.2 Tox tries to establish a direct, peer-to-peer, connection with the
recepients. In some cases it's not possible due to the network restrictions
(restrictive NATs), in which case libtoxcore uses a relay node to relay all
your conversations with a recepient. Note that by #4 the relay node can't
decrypt contents of messages and audio/video calls, as the relay node is not
the intended recepient of them.

5.3 If you have TCP mode enabled, your traffic is routed though a relay node.
Note that by #4 the relay node can't decrypt contents of messages and
audio/video calls, as the relay node is not the intended recepient of them.

5.4 If you have specified a HTTP or SOCKS5 proxy, libtoxcore will relay the
traffic using that proxy. Note that by #4 the proxy can't decrypt contents of
messages and audio/video calls, as the proxy is not the intended recepient of
them.

6.1 In order to be able to discover other Tox users and be discovered by them,
libtoxcore uses DHT. Every Tox client is a DHT node. The data that is stored in
DHT is 1) your temporary DHT public key, which can't be used to identify you as
it's generated randomly and changes every time you restart aTox, and 2) your IP
address.

6.2 The implication of this is that everyone can traverse the DHT and find the
IP addresses of all Tox users, including you. Everyone can tell that someone on
your IP address is running Tox. Those IP addresses might be the actual
addresses of Tox users, or addresses of proxies if the Tox users used a proxy.
If you don't want to let anyone know that you are running Tox on your IP
address, you should use a proxy.

6.3 Tox is designed to prevent any user you have not authorized (added as a
friend) from finding the association of your Tox ID and IP based on DHT data.

7. To connect to the DHT aTox utilizes a list of bootstrap nodes maintained by
Tox Project at https://nodes.tox.chat/. aTox choses several of the bootstrap
nodes of this list at random and connects to them.
